Add usage notes (#30)
nineinchnick/trino-properties-index: README.md

# trino-properties-index

An index of all available properties in different releases of Trino.

## Usage
Install correct Java version (see `.java-version`) and make sure the `JAVA_HOME` environmental variable is set correctly.
Run `./mvnw package` to build the project. 

### Search the property index

> The tool uses [sqlite](https://www.sqlite.org/) to create an in-memory database out of the Trino properties files stored
> locally in the [properties](properties) folder of the project and is able to therefore swiftly all the Trino properties
> changes between two Trino releases.

Reviewer: Missed a word, and the sentence is too long.
```suggestion
The tool uses [sqlite](https://www.sqlite.org/) to create an in-memory database
out of the Trino properties files stored locally in the [properties](properties)
folder. Using an SQL query, it can search through all the Trino properties changes
between any two Trino releases.
```

 status = new
  names = fault-tolerant-execution-task-memory-growth-factor, optimizer.non-estimatable-predicate-approximation.enabled
```

### Update the property index 

> In case that the local properties index of the project does not include the properties corresponding to the latest Trino release,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case that the local properties index of the project does not include the properties corresponding to a particular Trino release,
```

run `properties/update.sh` to retrieve and save locally those properties.

> This operation requires retrieving several versions of the `io.trino:trino-server:${version}:tar.gz` artifacts to the local

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This operation may require retrieving several versions of the `io.trino:trino-server:${version}:tar.gz` artifacts to the local
```

Maven repository of the machine on which the tool is being used and may require multiple minutes to complete.

> Run `properties/update.sh -s 466 -t 468` to upsert locally in the properties local index the properties corresponding to the Trino 

Reviewer: Avoid upsert, it's a commonly used word, we don't use SQL to write the data, and it doesn't update properties, just overwrites them.

Reviewer: BTW there's also a workflow to do this on GitHub runners, to utilize its fast internet connection, and ephemeral storage.
